Purge "will" from Quick Start Guides (#666)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/quickstart-public-cloud/pages/clients.adoc

For more details, see xref:client-configuration:supported-features.adoc[]

In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to menu:Systems[Bootstrapping], then fill in the ``Host``, ``SSH Port``, ``User`` and ``Password`` fields.

> Make sure you use stable FQDNs for the ``Host`` field, or {productname} can not find your host when your Public Cloud gives you a different short-lived FQDNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you use stable FQDNs for the ``Host`` field, or {productname} cannot find your host when your Public Cloud gives you a different short-lived FQDNS.
```

Author: Clearly my brain just refuses to learn this :woman_facepalming:

> Make sure you use stable FQDNs for the ``Host`` field, or {productname} can not find your host when your Public Cloud gives you a different short-lived FQDNS.

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure you use stable FQDNs for the ``Host`` field, or {productname} can not find your host when your public cloud gives you a different short-lived FQDNS.
```

====

When the bootstrap process has completed successfully, your client is listed at menu:Systems[System List].

> * If you want more control over the process, have to register many clients, or are registering traditional clients, we recommend that you create a bootstrap script.

Author: ```suggestion
* If you want more control over the process, have to register many clients, or are registering traditional clients, create a bootstrap script.
```
